Deprecate not registering filters (#6976)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE FROM 3.xx to 3.xx
=========================

### `Sonata\AdminBundle\Filter\FilterFactory`

> Deprecated calling `create()` method passing a type which is not registered as a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecated passing a value which is not registered as a service as argument 2 for `create()` method.
```
